Acd 754 (#45)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: DatabaseAndReporting/Operation/02_ExecuteQueriesMySQLConsole.md

[!!Manage user rights](../Integration/05_ManageUserRights.md)
[!!User interface Interactive console](../UserInterface/04a_InteractiveConsole.md)

# Execute queries in MySQL console

MySQL console allows the user to query any data contained in your *Actindo Core1 Platform*. The queries must be written in SQL syntax. Therefore, SQL knowledge is required.  

All data available in the system can be accessed, retrieved and modified using MySQL interactive console. For this reason, MySQL interactive console must be handled with extreme caution, and access rights should only be granted to personnel with the appropriate role and skills. For detailed information about managing user rights, see [Manage user rights](../Integration/05_ManageUserRights.md).

[comment]: <> (Julian: Wollen wir hier den Inhalt irgendwie als Expertenwissen markieren/kennzeichnen, wie besprochen?)

## Access and retrieve data

Access and retrieve any data contained in your system's databases using the interactive console. The data displayed in the console is read-only.

#### Prerequisites

> The user has been granted the applicable access rights, see [Grant access rights to a user group](../Integration/05_ManageUserRights.md#grant-access-rights-to-a-user-group).

Author: ```suggestion
The users have been granted the applicable access rights, see [Grant access rights to a user group](../Integration/05_ManageUserRights.md#grant-access-rights-to-a-user-group).
```
